We have reviewed these websites for designing the new website-

1. https://www.merlinentertainments.biz/

The Merlin Entertainment Group is the largest European theme park operator in the world. The company is based in the United Kingdom and they own over 100 different theme parks on four different continents. The most popular of the company’s parks are Legoland Theme Parks, Sea Life Centres, and Madame Tussaud’s. Parks owned by the Merlin Entertainment Group receive about 59,800,000 guests every year. In website they showcase their parks in homepage with short description, the website also lists details of company history, strategy, investor relations, news etc.

2. https://www.universalorlando.com

Universal Parks and Resorts is a division of NBC Universal. It is actually the fastest growing division of the media company in terms of revenue. The theme park branch of NBC Universal grows faster than any other branch in the company. This branch’s revenue increased by 24 percent in 2013. This is much greater than the rest of the branches which grew an average of four percent in that same fiscal year. The theme park operator is based in Orlando, Florida. Their theme parks are all based on different movies or television programs that have been produced by NBC Universal over the years. Such theme parks include Land of Oz, Jurassic Park, Snoopy Studios, and The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Universal Parks and Resorts received an estimated 36,360,000 visitors each year.The website contains details of their park. It focuses largely on business side of the company showing promotions, details guide, plannings of the tour, accommodation facilities and other activites they provide.

3. https://www.disneyholidays.com/

Walt Disney Parks and Resorts are the most popular of all theme parks. Going to Disney World is considered a vacation all on its own, even if a family were to never do anything outside of the land holding. This division of Disney was started in 1955, when the creator of Mickey Mouse opened his theme park dedicated to his creations, Disneyland. In 1971, the company opened Disney World’s Magic Kingdom. The Magic Kingdom is the most visited theme park in the world. Disney only operates three other theme parks aside from the two already mentioned: Tokyo Disney Resort, Shanghai Disney Resort, and Disneyland Paris. It is estimated Disney theme parks receives over 132,549,000 guests every year. This website also focuses on the commercial parts of the business like ticket sales, hotels, offers and activities. The website is quite minimalistic as it contains very few images and videos. 


4.  https://www.cedarfair.com/

Unlike many of the other companies on this list, Cedar Fair Entertainment Company only operates a very small number of parks. They are all based in Sandusky, Ohio. The most famous of these parks is Cedar Point. Cedar Point is often referred to as the finest theme park in the world. It is the second oldest theme park in the United States and the only park in the entire world to have four roller coasters over 200 feet tall. It is by far the most highly visited season theme park in the US. Cedar Point and the other parks owned by the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company receive about 23,017,000 guests each year. The number is especially astounding when you consider the location is not a popular tourism spot during the winter. The website looks simple with bare minimum introduction of business, about them, news and details.


5. https://seaworldentertainment.com/

SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment was formerly known as Busch Gardens Inc. It was a division of Anheuser Busch. This division was headquartered at the original SeaWorld in Orlando, Florida. Over time, the parent company opened up 11 Busch Gardens locations throughout the United States. In 2008, Anheuser Busch was sold to Inbev. Inbev sold the Busch Gardens division to Blackstone Group. Blackstone renamed the division SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment. The company continues to license its management staff from Anheuser Busch. The original company also continues to allow SeaWorld to keep some of the company’s world famous Budweiser Clydesdales. SeaWorld has become a must see park due to its large collection of rare aquatic life. SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment hosts about 23,400,000 guests each year. Thie website is quite colorful with lots of images of their parks. There is blog section, media and new activities.